docs(request-transformer) document missing features in plugin (#2186)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/request-transformer/index.md

publisher: Kong Inc.
version: 1.2.5

desc: Use regular expressions, variables and templates to transform requests
description: |

>   The Request Transformer plugin for Kong allows simple transforming the requests before they reach the upstream server. These transformations can be simple substitutions or complex ones matching portions of incoming requests using regular expressions, save those matched strings into variables, and substitute those strings into transformed requests via flexible templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Request Transformer plugin for Kong allows simple transformation of requests before they reach the Upstream server. These transformations can be simple substitutions or complex ones matching portions of incoming requests using regular expressions, saving those matched strings into variables, and substituting those strings into transformed requests using flexible templates.
```

Author: Took all the suggestions here except "Upstream server" - in this case we are using "upstream" as an adjective. And yes, this is more confusing than it needs to be. I personally think we should have named our Upstreams differently.

      required: false
      value_in_examples: [ "formparam-toremove", "formparam-another-one" ]
      description: List of parameter names. Remove the parameter if and only if content-type is one the following [`application/json`, `multipart/form-data`,  `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`] and parameter is present.
    - name: replace.uri
      required: false

>       description: Updates the upstream request URI with given value. This value can only be used to update the path part of the URI, not the scheme, nor the hostname.

Author: Took everything except "Upstream request". Same reason as above.

>       description: Updates the upstream request URI with given value. This value can only be used to update the path part of the URI, not the scheme, nor the hostname.

Reviewer: @kikito  what reason above?

appended to the generated value.

The environment is sandboxed, meaning that Lambda's will not have access to any
library functions, except for the string methods (like `sub()` in the example
above).

### Examples Using Template as Value

Add an API `test` with `uris` configured with a named capture group `user_id`

```bash
$ curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/apis \
    --data 'name=test' \
    --data 'upstream_url=http://mockbin.com' \
    --data-urlencode 'uris=/requests/user/(?<user_id>\w+)' \
    --data "strip_uri=false"
```

Enable the ‘request-transformer’ plugin to add a new header `x-consumer-id`
and its value is being set with the value sent with header `x-user-id` or
with the default value alice is `header` is missing.

```bash
$ curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/apis/test/plugins \
    --data "name=request-transformer" \
    --data-urlencode "config.add.headers=x-consumer-id:\$(headers['x-user-id'] or 'alice')" \
    --data "config.remove.headers=x-user-id"
```

Now send a request without setting header `x-user-id`

```bash
$ curl -i -X GET localhost:8000/requests/user/foo
```

Plugin will add a new header `x-consumer-id` with value alice before proxying

> request upstream. Now try sending request with header `x-user-id` set

Author: Upstream vs upstream again.

> request upstream. Now try sending request with header `x-user-id` set

Reviewer: @kikito  docs convention was to uppercase terms that appeared in the glossary that used to be alongside the sidebar. I'm working on the Reedelk transformer plugin and that has both upstream and downstream (down not in glossary), and so I think it is an odd convention that should be dropped.
